# 💭 Reflection: Game Glitch Investigator

Answer each question in 3 to 5 sentences. Be specific and honest about what actually happened while you worked. This is about your process, not trying to sound perfect.

## 1. What was broken when you started?

- What did the game look like the first time you ran it?
I see a game with instructions to enter a number from 1 to 100, a kind of guessing game. There's a field where I can enter this number, some options to click on like difficulty selection and such. I can also decide whether I want hints or not, and to start a new game.

- List at least two concrete bugs you noticed at the start  
  (for example: "the hints were backwards").
1. When I enter a number and press enter (like the field hint says), nothing happens.
2. I typed in 100, it says go lower. I typed in a very large number like 100000, it says go higher. It doesn't make sense.

**Bug Reproduction Log**

Document at least 3 bugs you found. Add rows as needed.

| Input | Expected Behavior | Actual Behavior | Console Output / Error |
|-------|-------------------|-----------------|------------------------|
|Clicking on "New Game" |Should reset the game |Doesn't clear entries from debug console |None |
|Enter 1000000 | "Go lower" | Says "Go higher" |None |
|Changed difficulty, range changes |Guess instructions should reflect this |Does not, still says "1 and 100" |None |

---

## 2. How did you use AI as a teammate?

- Which AI tools did you use on this project (for example: ChatGPT, Gemini, Copilot)?

Claude Code
- Give one example of an AI suggestion that was correct (including what the AI suggested and how you verified the result).
One suggestion was for a bug I reported that some hints didn't seem to correctly compare the guess with the secret. It correctly found the code block which was the issue and I verified by entering a couple text cases for those scenarios.

- Give one example of an AI suggestion that was incorrect or misleading (including what the AI suggested and how you verified the result).
Yes, I asked the AI "when I select a different difficulty under the "Difficulty" field on the UI, the "Range" value changes but the instructions still read to enter a number from 1 to 100. is this the intended functionality". This correctly told me where these values are hardcoded, but the programmer might not realize that the actual range values will have to be updated elsewhere too. For instance, because the 'Secret' value will have to be within this range.
---

## 3. Debugging and testing your fixes

- How did you decide whether a bug was really fixed?
I went into the app itself and tested various scenarios. That's how I realized that even after some tests were returning green the coverage wasn't always there and it wasn't fully fixed.

- Describe at least one test you ran (manual or using pytest)  
  and what it showed you about your code.
Ran a test in pytest using a range of attempt numbers to see that the logic for even attempts was doing something unwanted (changing numeric to string) and needed to be corrected. 

- Did AI help you design or understand any tests? How?
Yes, one reason these assignments and practices take me long is because I try to understand deeply something that is generated by AI before moving on. It lead me to learn the red-green-refactor method of test driven development which I've been practicing implementing here.

---

## 4. What did you learn about Streamlit and state?

- How would you explain Streamlit "reruns" and session state to a friend who has never used Streamlit?
Firstly, Streamlit is a python framework that lets you turn a python script into an interactive web app. Whenever it runs, it builds the app by reading the script top to bottom. A "rerun" can occur whenever the state of the app changes (like a difficulty level updated) and then the script reruns to rebuild the app. I don't know enough yet about streamlit to know whether there are more efficient ways of doing this update without rebuilding it top to bottom.
---

## 5. Looking ahead: your developer habits

- What is one habit or strategy from this project that you want to reuse in future labs or projects?
  - This could be a testing habit, a prompting strategy, or a way you used Git.
I'm definitely going to keep using the red-green-refactor strategy I'm learning for the future. From what I've researched, this is an important part of test-driven development and is being enhanced with the use of AI. I know the engineers at work use it (I'm not an engineer - yet).

- What is one thing you would do differently next time you work with AI on a coding task?
I still feel like it gets ahead of me a bit and does many things at once. While I understand that in the "agentic" phase of AI we're in this may be desirable, I want to make sure I learn as I go along. So, I'm trying to atomize what is done, take things step-by-step, by being deliberate in my wording of my prompts and adhering to my workflow structure.

- In one or two sentences, describe how this project changed the way you think about AI generated code.
AI generated code doesn't have to be obscure; meaning, it can be methodical so that you still retain very good knowledge of exactly what it's doing instead of letting it run wild. Part of my worry was not learning and understaning enough as I went along, but this doesn't have to be the case. I'm already learning a lot.